docs: update smtpTls env variable for PR#268 (#15)
pocket-id/website: docs/configuration/environment-variables.md

| `SMTP_FROM`                           | `-`                          | Sender email address for outgoing emails.                                                                                                                  |
| `SMTP_USER`                           | `-`                          | SMTP username for authentication.                                                                                                                          |
| `SMTP_PASSWORD`                       | `-`                          | SMTP password for authentication.                                                                                                                          |

> | `SMTP_TLS`                            | `none`                       | TLS Option to use, valid values are: `none, starttls, tls` connections.                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SMTP_TLS`                            | `none`                       | Which TLS Option to use. Valid values are: `none`, `starttls` and `tls`.                                                                                    |
```
